---
author: "World Doctors Alliance"
categories: ["WDA videos"]
tags: ["Vaccines"]
date: 2021-02-01T15:55:24Z
description: ""
title: "Ask the Experts Covid19 Vaccines: UPDATED 01.02.21"
draft: false
---

**World Doctors Alliance doctors offer their thoughts on the issues surrounding the new vaccines for Covid-19.** 

Make up your own mind!  
Share: #daretothink   

[WATCH ON BRAND NEW TUBE](https://brandnewtube.com/watch/ask-the-experts-covid19_eZsej9Uiah1gNlP.html)

***Doctors Speak Out On the New Covid-19 Vaccine\* ** 

**Dr. Andrew Kaufman | Medical Doctor & Forensic Psychiatrist from the USA:** My name is Andrew Kaufman. I’m a medical doctor and board-certified  forensic psychiatrist. This pandemic is not a real medical pandemic. The COVID-19 vaccine is not proven safe or effective because there has not  been enough time. In addition, there is not a clear definition of any  new disease for which it can be tested against. There has not been a  virus that has been purified or shown to be the cause of an illness.  Thus, there is no target for a vaccine. However, the bottom line is  that, since no additional deaths have occurred in relation to a new  disease, there’s simply no need for a new vaccine.  

**Dr. Hilde De Smet | Medical Doctor from Belgium:** Hi, my name is Hilde De Smet. I’m a Belgian medical doctor. And I’d like to say that the new COVID-19 vaccine is not safe, and that there is no  global medical pandemic. For almost 20 years, the pharmaceutical  industry has been trying to develop Corona vaccines, but never managed  because they saw in the animal trials that there were serious side  effects, autoimmune disorders when the animal was exposed to new wild  type virus. These autoimmune disorders are comparable with the  complications we have seen in some COVID-19 patients. Now, due to the  excuse of a global pandemic, the pharma industry has the permission to  skip the animal trials. This means that we humans will be the guinea  pigs and we might get severe side effects when we are exposed to new  viruses.  

**Dr. Nils R Fosse | Medical Doctor from Norway:** My  name is Nils Fosse. I’m medical doctor in Paragon, Norway. The COVID-19  vaccine has not been proven safe and effective. It’s a new technology  and it’s been tested on a few 1000s of people in a few months. Please do your own research. This is not a real medical pandemic. The death rates in Norway are not higher than on average here.  

**Dr. Elizabeth Evans | Medical Doctor from the UK:**  Dr. Elizabeth Evans, retired doctor and co-founder of the UK Medical  Freedom Alliance. The COVID-19 vaccines are not proven to be safe or  effective. We believe that it is reckless and unnecessary to roll out  these essentially experimental vaccines that are using a completely new  mRNA technology to millions of people when there is only limited  short-term safety data, no evidence that they will prevent transmission  of the virus, and no long-term safety data to rule out late onset  negative effects like autoimmune diseases, infertility, and cancers.  

**Dr. Mohammad Adil |** **Medical Doctor from the UK:** This is Dr. Mohammad Adil from United Kingdom. I am Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of UK and consultative surgeon. I’ve been working  for the National Health Services for the last 30 years with unblemished  record. I am chairman of the Global Nishtarian Organization, All  Pakistan Medical Association UK, and recently we have developed World  Doctors Alliance in collaboration with 1000s of health professionals  across the world. Recently, we had very successful webinar which has  been viewed by millions of people across the world. I am standing for  the cause of the humanity, especially in the current situation of a  devastating effect due to Coronavirus and its restriction imposed on the public. Many thanks.  

**Dr. Vernon Coleman | General Practitioner from the UK:** Doctors aren’t allowed to question COVID-19 in public. Material  containing the truth about the alleged disease and the vaccine is  banned. In the last year, I’ve been demonized and lied about, and a  50-year career and reputation trashed by those promoting a pandemic that never was in a vaccine that was never needed. The whole COVID-19 scam  is, as I said in March 2020, the greatest hoax in history. The principle of informed consent is essential in medicine, but patients now having  vaccines can’t give informed consent because they aren’t being informed. Thank heavens for sites such as Brand New Tube, which carry uncensored  videos by doctors who have been censored or banned elsewhere.  

**Prof. Dolores Cahill | Molecular Biologist and Immunologist from Ireland:** My name is Professor Dolores Cahill. I’m a molecular biologist and an  immunologist. And we have good news. The Coronavirus and the lockdown  was not as severe as was thought. We know that we can treat the symptoms of COVID-19 very successfully with vitamins D, C, and zinc, and with  very safe medicines. So, therefore the lockdown and the measures like  quarantining, social distancing, and masks were not necessary. And also, a vaccine is then also not necessary. There has never been a license  RNA vaccine. And this is not because there have been many clinical  trials, but that in the safety studies, there were significant adverse  events and death in the animals that were used in these studies over the past 20 years.  

**Dr. R Zac Cox | Holistic Dentist & Homeopath from UK:** My name is Zac Cox. I’m a holistic dentist and a homeopath. I’m a  founding member of the World Doctors Alliance. I believe that the  pandemic is fundamentally over and was so in the summer. I also firmly  believe that there is no long-term safety data on any of the COVID  vaccines. This means that they are essentially experimenting on us,  which is against the Nuremberg Code. I will not be taking the vaccine.  

**Dr. Anna Forbes | Medical Doctor from the UK:** Hello, I’m Dr. Anna Forbes. I’m a UK medical doctor here representing the UK  Medical Freedom Alliance. This is a growing body of doctors, scientists, academics and lawyers. We believe that there has been an overestimation of the public health risk from SARS-CoV-2 due to misrepresentation of  data and inappropriate use of the PCR test. We call for the preservation of informed consent, medical choice and bodily autonomy. As doctors, we believe this is absolutely crucial to maintain. Thank you.  

**Dr. Ralf ER Sundberg | Medical Doctor fromSweden:** I am Ralf Sundberg, MD, PhD, former associate professor in fast path  surgery, Karolinska Institutet. My opinion of this Coronavirus crisis is that the PCR test is inaccurate. It actually causes so many false  positives. So, we are scared to vaccination, and I don’t trust this vaccine.  

**Dr. Johan Denis | Medical Doctor and Homeopath from Belgium:** My name is Dr. Johan Denis from Belgium. The Corona vaccine is not  proven safe or effective. There is no medical emergency. It is a fake  pandemic. The Coronavirus is in terms of harmfulness mortality and  transmissibility comparable to a seasonal flu. And I can only reject the extreme disproportionate measures that are taken by our governments.  There is no emergency situation. It was all orchestrated to make you  fearful enough to take the vaccine. This vaccine is just not proven  safe. It has been developed too quickly. We have no idea what the  long-term effects will be. It needs much more investigation. There is no hurry or emergency. It might possibly change your DNA. This is  irreversible and irreparable for all future generations, an experiment  on humanity. I would never give it to myself, my patients, or my loved  ones. We are no guinea pigs.  

There is nanotechnology present in this vaccine. Nanobots in hydro  gels have been developed for military purposes. There are strong  indications it could make you a controllable puppet by means of your own smartphone connected with the 5G network and artificial intelligence.  In this way, you could lose everything that makes you human. So, please  inform yourself well before you decide. Very useful information can be  found on the website of Robert Kennedy, childrenshealthdefense.org. I  bless you all.  

**Dr. Daniel Cullum | Chiropractic Physician from USA:** Hi, I’m Dr. Daniel Cullum, chiropractic physician from Turpin,  Oklahoma, USA. This is not a real medical pandemic the world is enduring at this time. The vaccine has not been proven safe or effective, and I  will not be taking and/or recommending it, because there is no safe  vaccine, period.  

**Moritz von der Borch | Medical Journalist from Germany:** My name is Moritz von der Borch, I’m working as a journalist in science and medicine, and I’m from Germany. Do not take this vaccine. This  vaccine is dangerous. This pandemic is a fraud.  

**Dr. Anne Fierlafijn | Medical Doctor from Belgium:**  My name is Anne Fierlafijn. I’m a medical doctor from Belgium,  specialized in chronic infectious diseases such as Lyme, Epstein-Barr  molds, etc. The COVID-19 vaccine is not proven safe nor effective. And I think it’s unacceptable that all liabilities have been waived for the  companies that are producing it. If pharma doesn’t take responsibility  for the products they make, how can they expect doctors to inject them  to their patients without doubt of doing harm? More and more, we see  that this is really not a medical pandemic. The measures for Corona  cause far more collateral damage than the virus causes itself.  Worldwide, we see that the numbers of cases are falsely presented in  order to drive the population to obedient behavior and to vaccination.  So, please be critical. Do your own research, and don’t let the media  manipulate you. I think it’s time to react, time to stand up for your  freedom, for the future of your children. Don’t give in to anxiety, to  polarization, to governmental control, and to restriction of your  freedom all under the false pretext of a virus, because that’s what’s  happening.  

**Dr. Tom Cowan | Medical Doctor from the USA:** Hi,  this is Dr. Tom Cowan. And I just wanted to remind people that we have  to remember that health does not come from the injection of toxins into  our bodies, but rather from deciding what it means to be human and  pursuing that with all your heart.  

**Dr. Kevin Corbett | Retired Nurse and Health Scientist from the UK:** I’m Dr. Kevin Corbett, a retired registered nurse and health scientist  in the United Kingdom. The COVID vaccines are not proven safe or  effective. COVID is not a real medical epidemic. The vaccines use  synthetic products that will alter your genes, allow monitoring of your  vaccination status, and produce dangerous chemical reactions. Scientists are therefore demanding that all COVID vaccinations be immediately  stopped.  

The real epidemic is fear and hysteria. It started in China and  quickly spread via the World Health Organization. The hysteria was  accelerated by corporations who gained financially through selling fast  tracked flawed medical tests, toxic antiviral drugs, and now unproven  and potentially dangerous vaccines. Standard precautions which normally  protect the public have been disregarded due to ignorance, hysteria, and profits.  

For example, the vaccines have not undergone proper phase 3 tests.  The COVID test, the PCR is fatally flawed. It was never examined in the  standard way by the United Kingdom National Health Service, and it  should never have been used on sick people or those with no symptoms.  You can read about the flaws in the PCR test at  www.cormandrostenreview.com.  

**Dr. Carrie Madej | Medical Doctor from the USA:** My  name is Dr. Carrie Madej. I am an internal medicine physician from the  United States of America. I’ve owned my own clinic and I’ve been medical director of 2 different clinics, as well as being an attending  physician for medical students over the last 19 years. I’m here to tell  you that there is no worldwide pandemic for COVID-19. We’re using  testing mechanisms called PCR that have never been indicated or created  to diagnose any infection. This is not the way we should be diagnosing.  In addition, hospitals and doctors are getting financial incentives to  diagnose COVID-19. On top of that, we have multiple lab errors happening around the world over and over, indicating more false positives.  

On top of that, I am here to tell you that I will not take the  COVID-19 vaccine, and I will not recommend the COVID-19 vaccine for any  of my patients. This vaccine is experimental on the human race because  they are proposing to use modified messenger RNA or modified DNA  synthetic to the human body. This is the first time ever this will ever  be launched on the human race. We don’t know what could happen to us. In addition, they’re proposing to use nano lipid technology or  nanotechnology on the human race as well. There are so many different  awful things that can happen to us and we need to investigate this  before we go forward. This is my alarm call to the world.  

**Dr.** **Barre Lando | Physician from USA:** My name is Dr. Barre Lando, and I’ve treated many vaccine damaged  children. Due to the lack of proper testing and the spurious conditions  surrounding the alleged pandemic, I would highly caution anyone  considering taking the COVID-19 vaccine.  

**Dr. Kate Shemirani | Natural Nurse from the UK:**I am  Kate Shemirani, natural nurse in a toxic world. Do I believe there is a  pandemic? Absolutely not. There’s no evidence of that. Do I believe that COVID-19 exists? Absolutely not. It has never been proven. Do I believe that the population need this new COVID-19 dangerous vaccine that’s not had the safety trials done, and it hasn’t ever been done before?  Absolutely not. No one needs it. Do I believe that our government should be arrested for possibly genocide? Absolutely.  

**Dr. Sandy Lunøe | Pharmacist from Norway:** My name is Sandy Lunøe, retired pharmacist and I live in Norway. The COVID 19  vaccines are not proven safe or effective. I’ll focus on just 2 safety  issues. The vaccines carry the risk of immune enhancement. Instead of  protecting against infection. The vaccine can actually make the disease  worse when a vaccinated person is infected with the virus. Secondly, in  the UK, the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency has made an urgent request quote, “The MHRA urgently seeks an artificial  intelligence software tool to process the expected high volume of  COVID-19 vaccine adverse drug reactions.”  

**Borris Dragin | Licensed Acupuncturist from Sweden:**  My name is Borris Dragin and I am Licensed Acupuncturist based in  Sweden. I have been running a private complementary medical clinic for  over 40 years. This COVID pandemic is NOT a real pandemic! This is an  assault on Human Rights our freedom and our societies. You’d have to be  completely mad to accept untested experimental vaccine from a criminal  manufacturer, that rushes its safety programs and profits enormously  from pressuring people to take it. And do you really think that there is an insurance company somewhere in the world that would dare to insure  such a vaccine? Let our ‘leaders’ and all other proponents of this toxic mix take it.  

**Dr. Piotr Rubas | Medical Doctor from Poland:** Hello, everybody. My name is Piotr Rubas. I come from Poland and work as an  internist in Germany currently as (unclear) [18:05]. I strongly disagree to getting vaccinated with this experimental preparation called the  Corona vaccine. Firstly, each and every new vaccine has to undergo a  period of clinical trials which is at least 5 years. Secondly, why  should I expose my body is having unknown due to the virus which  mortality rate is similar to that of seasonal influenza virus?  

**Dr. Natalia Prego Cancelo | Medical Doctor from Spain:** The COVID-19 vaccine is not proven safe or effective. This is not a real pandemic.  

**Dr. Rashid Buttar | Medical Doctor from the USA:** I  want you to remember that each one of you, every single one of you,  independently is a beacon of light for those around you. So, set the  example, stand up, continue to find continue to speak out, especially  for your children. Let your children see what it means to be free. Allow your children to witness your heroism and that you are willing to stand up and do what’s right, regardless off what’s going on around you.  

**Dr. Nour De San | Medical Doctor from France:** The  problem is not the principle of the vaccine, rather the problem is that  they want us to believe that it was possible to develop a new vaccine in less than one year against a new disease, using new adjuvant  technologies, and to do so such a very, very large scale. It’s not just  the target population that will be vaccinated, they plan to vaccinate  nearly every person on Earth. Anyone who has worked on vaccinations know that it requires time, so that we are able to collect enough data to  ensure its efficacy and safety, and properly understand the long-term  effects on our health.  

**Dr. Kelly Brogan | Medical Doctor from the USA:** For  the better part of a century, vaccination has relied on corrupt science, propaganda, and systemic suppression of true informed consent. With the COVID vaccine, we’ve reached an inflection point where the truth is  available for all to see. Will you trust GMO pharmaceutical and 5G  subsidizing eugenicist technocrats with your health? Or will you see  through their claims to a transhumanist agenda that aims to dispossess  you of trust in your body, of any agency around your own life, and even  the fabric of your own humanity? Vaccination is penetration of the body, mind, and spirit by the State. The COVID-19 vaccine is not proven safe  or effective. This is not a real medical pandemic.  

**Prof. Konstantin Pavlidis | Metaphysicist from the UK:** My name is Konstantin Pavlidis, and I’m a professor of cognitive  science, a biomedical researcher, and an integrative healthcare  practitioner in London. I feel that the COVID-19 virus is not a real  medical pandemic. And for this reason, the vaccine that’s being produced is not proven safe or effective, because there are 4 stages. The latent asymptomatic stage, the developmental stage where there’s a  manifestation of symptoms. The virus convinces T cells that it’s not an  invader, and then it hacks into the immune system. And finally, the  fourth stage is the decline in the virus’s presence, where it is  undetectable by any test and it’s not present in the body liquids. The  viral DNA becomes a part of the DNA’s host immune cells.  

So, for this reason, no COVID tests are truly accurate, and no  produced vaccine could be accurate as it tricks the immune system into  reacting as if there is a real viral attack where this triggers  monocytes in the attempt to access the immune memory cells. These  actions appear as viral symptoms, example chronic fatigue, muscular  contractions, or mental health disorders ranging from depression to  suicidal tendencies. And all of these are in fact side effects of the  vaccine’s influence.  

**Dr. Sherri Tenpenny | Medical Doctor from the USA:**  Know that when they develop this, it’s under the umbrella of the 2005  PREP Act. They have complete liability protection. You can’t sue them  and you have no recourse if this vaccine harms you. They have been  trying to develop a Coronavirus vaccine since 2002 since we had SARS.  And every animal study that they’ve done, particularly the ferrets… the  ferret study, which the ferret’s immune system most mimics the human  adult immune system. Ferret studies, rabbits and rat studies, all the  animals ended up with a paradoxical immune response in which the  antibody levels that were very high actually accelerated the infection,  made it much worse, and allowed the pieces of the virus to go inside of  the cell and be incorporated into the DNA of the recipient of that  vaccine by a process called transduction. That transduction irreversibly puts that virus… snip a virus into your DNA and transforms your cells.  

**Senta Depuydt | Journalist from Belgium:** Hello, I’m  Senta Depuydt. I’m a freelance journalist, and I represent Children’s  Health Defense in Europe with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. We want to alert you to the fact that the current COVID vaccines are an experimental product based on the injection of genetic material into ourselves. And the risk of using these new technologies on humans and the environment are  unknown while they could have irreversible consequences. In April, the  pandemic accelerator act of the European Union allowed vaccine producers to have a free pass for safety. And on July 15, the European Parliament agreed to remove the need of risk evaluation requested under the GMO  regulations. That decision was made in 10 days. There were no scientific reports, no hearings in Health Commission, no debate, and no amendments prior to this vote.  

So, Children’s Health Defense Europe has asked for the annulment of  this decision in the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg. Please  share this information as it is extremely important to understand that  the current COVID vaccines are not proven safe. Our legislators have  abandoned the prin… the principle of precaution by putting blind faith  in a dangerous experiment.  

**Dr. Heiko Santelmann | Medical Doctor from Germany:**  My name is Heiko Santelmann. I’m German medical doctor, now working in  Norway. I have been working with general practice for 40 years, doing  research for 20 years, the last 10 years especially on vaccines. I have  to shout out that this is not a real medical pandemic. And the COVID-19  vaccine is not proven to be safe or effective. I agree with the British  Medical Journal that the testing is not done honestly. The claim 90%  percent effect is really only 0.2% if you study the results. I wonder  why did Gates and his conspiracy theorists spend billions to develop  vaccine that can sterilize men, women, and even the unborn children?  

**Dr. Margareta Griesz-Brisson | Neurologist from Germany:** Uniform and forceful measures, medical measures are unethical and  cannot be implemented on a defenseless population, neither as test nor  as vaccines. Any medical intervention, testing, treatment or vaccine can only implement it in an ethical and legal way based on an individual  medical consideration, well-informed patient consent, and clinical  evidence of harmlessness beyond doubt. Thank you.  

**Dr. Mikael Nordfors | Medical Doctor from Sweden:** My name is Mikael Nordfors. I’m a medical doctor from Sweden. I’m working  with integrative medicine. And there is no pandemic. And the vaccine is  neither safe nor effective. And to give an untested vaccine to entire  humanity and use them as guinea pigs is complete madness and nothing  else, and we must stop it now. And it’s even more madness to give it to  children. When children don’t suffer from COVID-19. Nobody died under  the age of 15 in my country so far. And then there’s only side effects  and risks and costs. And that’s a waste of money and waste of human life and safety. So, stop it now. And I also bet that there will never be a  vaccine as safe and effective as vitamin D that can reduce mortality  between 50 and 95%, depending on the level of vitamin D you have in your blood. Thank you very much.  

**Dr. Elke F. de Klerk | Medical Doctor from Holland:**  Hello, I’m Elke de Klerk. I’m a medical doctor from the Netherlands. I  have informed myself about the vaccine, and I want to tell you about 3  things. First of all, this vaccine could be sterilizing women and girls. Secondly, this vaccine could cause a viral interference, a priming, and then it can cause a cytokine storm, which is very dangerous for your  health for people. This has been seen in humans and animals, animal  testing with other Corona vaccines. And then thirdly, this vaccine could change your genetic blueprint, your genetic code, your DNA forever, and we don’t know what that’s going to bring. Thank you very much. Inform  yourself, protect yourself, protect your children and look it up. Thank  you.  

[WATCH ON BRAND NEW TUBE](https://brandnewtube.com/watch/ask-the-experts-covid19_eZsej9Uiah1gNlP.html)